Bug fixes and E2E tests for PVC storage (#340)
kserve/modelmesh-serving: docs/predictors/setup-storage.md

# Set up Storage for Loading Models

You will need access to an S3-compatible object storage, for example [MinIO](https://github.com/minio/minio). To configure access to the object storage, use the `storage-config` secret.

> Alternatively, models can be stored on a Kubernetes Persistent Volume. Persistent Volume Claims can either be pre-configured in the `storage-config` secret, or, the `allowAnyPVC` config flag can be enabled, so that any PVC can be mounted dynamically at the time a predictor or inference service is deployed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, models can be stored on a Kubernetes Persistent Volume. Persistent Volume Claims can either be pre-configured in the `storage-config` secret, or, the `allowAnyPVC` configuration flag can be enabled, so that any PVC can be mounted dynamically at the time a predictor or inference service is deployed.
```

```

Remember that after updating the storage config secret, there may be a delay of up to 2 minutes until the change is picked up. You should take this into account when creating/updating `InferenceService`s that use storage keys which have just been added or updated - they may fail to load otherwise.

## Deploy a model stored on a Persistent Volume Claim

> Models can be stored on Kubernetes Persistent Volumes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Models can be stored on [Kubernetes Persistent Volumes](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes/).
```

To configure ModelMesh to mount the PVC to the runtime serving pods, we need to add an entry of type `pvc` to the secret's `stringData`. The chosen key `pvc1` is of no consequence. Note that the `localMinIO` and the `pvc2` entries are only for illustration.

```YAML
apiVersion: v1
kind: Secret
metadata:
  name: storage-config
stringData:
#  localMinIO: |
#    {
#      "type": "s3",
#      "access_key_id": "AKIAIOSFODNN7EXAMPLE",
#      "secret_access_key": "wJalrXUtnFEMI/K7MDENG/bPxRfiCYEXAMPLEKEY",
#      "endpoint_url": "http://minio:9000",
#      "default_bucket": "modelmesh-example-models",
#      "region": "us-south"
#    }
  pvc1: |
    {
      "type": "pvc",
      "name": "my-models-pvc"
    }
#  pvc2: |
#    {
#      "type": "pvc",
#      "name": "some-other-pvc"
#    }
```

After updating or creating the `storage-config` secret, the `modelmesh-serving` deployment will get updated and the serving runtime pods will get restarted to mount the Persistent Volumes. Depending on the number of replicas and deployed predictors, this update may take a few minutes.

### 3. (b) Enable `allowAnyPVC` in the `model-serving-config` ConfigMap

> As an alternative to preconfiguring all _allowed_ PVCs in the `storage-config` secret, you can set the `allowAnyPVC` configuration flag to `true`. With `allowAnyPVC` enabled, users can deploy Predictors or InferenceService with models stored on _any_ PVC in the model serving namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an alternative to preconfiguring all _allowed_ PVCs in the `storage-config` secret, you can set the `allowAnyPVC` configuration flag to `true`. With `allowAnyPVC` enabled, users can deploy Predictors or InferenceServices with models stored on _any_ PVC in the model serving namespace.
```

Let's update (or create) the `model-serving-config` ConfigMap.

> Note, if you already have a `model-serving-config` ConfigMap, you might want to retain the existing config overrides. You can check you current config flags by running:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note, if you already have a `model-serving-config` ConfigMap, you might want to retain the existing config overrides. You can check your current configuration flags by running:
```

```shell
kubectl get cm "model-serving-config" -o jsonpath="{.data['config\.yaml']}"`
```

> The minimal `model-serving-config` for our example only needs the two settings `allowAnyPVC` and `restProxy` enabled true:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The minimal `model-serving-config` for our example only requires the settings `allowAnyPVC` and `restProxy` to be enabled:
```

```shell
kubectl apply -f - <<EOF
---
apiVersion: v1
kind: ConfigMap
metadata:
  name: model-serving-config
data:
  config.yaml: |
    # check which other config overrides should be here:
    #  kubectl get cm "model-serving-config" -o jsonpath="{.data['config\.yaml']}"
    allowAnyPVC: true
    restProxy:
      enabled: true
EOF
```

After applying the new configuration, the `modelmesh-serving` deployment might get updated and the serving runtime pods may get restarted.

### 4. Deploy a new Inference Service

In order to use the model from the PVC, we need to set the `storage` `parameters` of the predictor
as `type: pvc` and `name: my-models-pvc` like this:

```shell
kubectl apply -f - <<EOF
---
apiVersion: serving.kserve.io/v1beta1
kind: InferenceService
metadata:
  name: sklearn-pvc-example
  annotations:
    serving.kserve.io/deploymentMode: ModelMesh
spec:
  predictor:
    model:
      modelFormat:
        name: sklearn
      storage:
        parameters:
          type: pvc
          name: my-models-pvc
        path: sklearn/mnist-svm.joblib
EOF
```

> After a few seconds the new InferenceService `sklearn-pvc-example` should be ready:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After a few seconds, the new InferenceService `sklearn-pvc-example` should be ready:
```
